Privacy Policy
Code HelloWorld built the MaThinking app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Code HelloWorld at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

We do not collect any personal information regarding the user.


Information Collection and Use

We do not ask you to provide any personal information while using the Service.

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

This Service does not use cookies.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

No personal information is collected.

Links to Other Sites

This Service does not contain any links to other sites.

Children’s Privacy
This Service is for Educational purposes. It does not contain any explicit content. We do not collect any personal information about the user.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-08-30

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at codify.helloworld@gmail.com.
